Admin readme (#3456)
alphagov/notifications-admin: README.md

```

### 4. Install and use `virtualenvwrapper` (optional)

We suggest using a virtualenv to separate the python dependencies for this project from python dependencies for other projects.

Install [virtualenvwrapper](https://virtualenvwrapper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html):

```shell
pip install virtualenvwrapper
```

Then follow the [virtualenvwrapper installation instructions](https://virtualenvwrapper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html) docs to configure virtualenvwrapper for your terminal.

Set up your virtualenv:

```shell
mkvirtualenv notifications-admin
```

If you need to specify a certain version of python you can do this using `-p`, for example:

```shell
mkvirtualenv -p ~/.pyenv/versions/3.6.3/bin/python notifications-admin
```

Activate your virtualenv:

```shell
workon notifications-admin
```

### 5. Install Python dependencies

Install dependencies and build the frontend assets:

```shell
./scripts/bootstrap.sh
```

**Note:** You may need versions of both Python 3 and Python 2 accessible to build the python dependencies. `pyenv` is great for that, and making both Python versions accessible can be done like so:

```shell
pyenv global 3.6.3 2.7.15
```

> ### 6. Create a local `environment.sh` file containing the following:

Reviewer: The code block gives you a command, not just the contents of the file, so I’d suggest:

```suggestion
### 6. Create a local `environment.sh` file

Run this command to create the file
```
